
Code of Conduct
The heart of our Community is people. We put people first and do our best to recognize, appreciate and respect the diversity of our global contributors. We welcome contributions from everyone who shares our goals and wants to contribute in a healthy and constructive manner within our community. As such, we have adopted this code of conduct and require all those who participate to agree and adhere to these Community Participation Guidelines in order to help us create a safe and positive community experience for all.

These guidelines aim to support a community where all people should feel safe to participate, introduce new ideas and inspire others, regardless of:
Background,
Family status,
Gender,
Gender identity or expression,
Marital status,
Sex,
Sexual orientation,
Native language,
Age,
Ability,
Race and/or ethnicity,
National origin,
Socioeconomic status,
Religion,
Geographic location,
Any other dimension of diversity
Expected Behavior
The following behaviors are expected of all Community Members:

Be Respectful,
Be Direct but Professional,
Be Inclusive,
Understand Different Perspectives,
Appreciate and Accommodate Our Similarities and Differences,
Lead by Example
Behavior That Will Not Be Tolerated
Violence and Threats of Violence,
Personal Attacks,
Derogatory Language,
Unwelcome Sexual Attention or Physical Contact,
Disruptive Behavior,
Influencing Unacceptable Behavior,
Consequences of Unacceptable Behavior.
The purpose of our Community Code of Conduct is to ensure that the Community remains a welcoming, friendly and supportive place for all Community members, regardless of their background. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list, rather it is intended as a guide for the kind of interactions we want to see in this Community.
This Code of Conduct applies to all forum posts and private messages posted on our Social handles or the Platforms that we use:
We expect all activity within the Community to follow our Code of Conduct. If you do not follow our Code of Conduct, you may be removed from the Community.
You own the rights to any content you post in the Community. We are granted a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use and commercialize any content you post in the Community. By posting to the Community, you grant the Community the right to use any content within the post without restriction or compensation.
The Community is permitted to use any content you post in the Community on our social media channels, in our marketing materials, or in articles about the Community printed or posted by third parties. When using your content in this way, we will ask permission before using your image or full name alongside any content you’ve posted and for such use cases, all rights to the final work will be retained by the Community.
Unless otherwise stated, all content posted in the Community is publicly visible and searchable online. This Community is focused around learning, so it’s expected that members may make mistakes, get things wrong, or not understand fully. Feedback and critique are an important part of learning so please feel free to provide it when appropriate, keeping in mind the following:
Always critique the actual work or method, not the person behind it,
Never belittle someone for not knowing or understanding something,
Give feedback privately if you think it may be embarrassing for the recipient, and
If someone responds poorly to feedback, don’t force them to take it, just stop interacting.
Reporting
If you find anyone misbehaving in the Community or going against the Code of Conduct, report it to any of the organisers/department heads/leaders as soon as possible via any communication method you prefer.

We expect all Community Members to Follow the CoC at all times and anyone found going against it, shall be warned and removed from the Community, if their actions are repeated.
